# NeuralBanking
This python module describes the basic core of neural banking. The implementation of linking the banking APIS applied to neural. Banking hasn’t being so easier it just takes one thought to accomplished the intention and hint for the the transaction to be done. The Implementation of Neural Banking Zones or register safe zones to bank. Bank frot he comfort of your home or by approaching a safe banking zone. Bank as you go. Broker accounts, saving account global, money market accounts This document  is intended contains the project description of a for profit project.  All the information contained in this documents are proprietary of the company. The copyrights and patents to the documents are reserved. A. The project abides by the current  policy in regulations by the Federal Government of The United States of America. This writ safeguards the intellectual property globally as per international agreement on International Court of Law Netherlands La Hague.  All the ideas in this document are reserved to the author Guillermo Antonio Herrera Argueta.. Algie Bookshelves. This includes the patents pending of the development of software, the designing of process, protocols and the implementation of hardware. U.S.C Title 17 and Intellectual property Rights. Designed in Upland, California USA. Any attempt or theft of this ideas will results in the prosecution of the violators under Federal Law, holding monetarily liable any person that steals, copies, or trolls this patents pertaining to the company Idea Factory Labs Limited. We reserved the rights of use and the patents for the process of development of implementation of each idea into the market. It is a Federal Crime to embezzle intellectual property. We will prosecute and not hesitate to ignite legal action. The Intellectual property is for every government that is open to do business with the research firm. Every law disregard the jurisdiction and or territorial extension will be applied. International Policy and Treaties safeguard the position of the firm developing protocols for the Banking system. For every Financial institution and or governmental agency interested in conducting business with the firm may obtain a business plan with pricing about buying the intellectual property and patent for the process from the research firm.  We reserve the intellectual property globally. This includes the legal strategies of bridging causes against agencies, countries and other financial institutions. The Embezzlement of such will result in Criminal Prosecution for Theft of Trade Secrets. § 499 CA PEN Code. Table of Authorities that safeguard the intellectual property for the company.
